this poor guy is having a heart
transplant today but something is not
right
his consciousness remained awake even
when the doctor had injected him
anesthetic
only his body could not move he screamed
excruciating
[Music]
for the doctors this is just a very
normal surgery can you imagine that pain
he had only one way to ease his pain
thinking of his beautiful girlfriend
but he discovered that this was all her
plan it turned out that they were trying
to kill him
and then inform other people the surgery
had failed what did he do that caused
god to make him endure such torture
that guy is clay a very famous person
clay owned a huge fortune of hundreds of
billions of dollars at a very young age
he was just like a king so where did
that money come from
he inherited a large corporation from
his own father clay witnessed his
father's death with his own eyes
on a christmas night many years ago when
his father was pretending to be santa
claus to surprise him
he unfortunately slipped and fell down
the stairs he died but left a huge
fortune for his wife and son
although clay didn't lack anything
growing up he did not have a happy
childhood
he suffered from congenital heart
disease and without surgery
he could only live to 30 years old his
family also knew this
his mother loved him very much but since
clay's father passed away
clay would eventually take over the
responsibility of taking over the
corporation
possibly due to a lack of love from his
father and everything from his childhood
was arranged by his mother he became
extremely stubborn and rebellious
his heart disease is not a new thing to
the press and his life and death have
long been a topic of conversation among
entrepreneurs
shareholders and corporate partners are
also very concerned about letting
someone like clay manage the business
on the other hand clay never cared about
the opinions of those around him
he has fallen in love with a girl from a
very ordinary background
sam she is just a nurse his mother does
not like her
she always has a very strange feeling
about her son's girlfriend
she thinks that girl just wants to take
advantage of her son but clay with a
stubborn personality of course did not
care about his mother's words
despite everything to love this girl he
had a sweet and happy life when he spent
time with her every day
sam helped him escape the enormous
pressure he endured for a long time
however clay was still very concerned
about his health
he found his own doctor jack he and jack
have become close friends since they met
and he also trusted this doctor very
much but he did not know that jack
also had a very close relationship with
his girlfriend jack told clay that the
death rate from the surgery was very
high and if it succeeds
he wouldn't have lived much longer and
clay should go home to discuss more with
his mother and tell her to be prepared
for the worst
clay's mother did not trust the doctor
her intuition told her that something
was wrong
she invited john a leading doctor in the
country to perform surgery on her son
who was once trusted to operate the
president but clay didn't care about his
mother's suggestion
he decided to follow his opinion he
trusted john before the operation
he even secretly married sam without
informing his mother the next day
they arrived at the hospital when they
received news that two hours ago a
person had died from a bullet hit
the suitable heart clay needed was
coming he could have the surgery then
he was very happy but now clay's mom and
dr john have come to prevent him from
performing
do
[Music]
meanwhile sam also talked to his mother
outside the two were able to get to know
each other better
both clay and his mother were deceived
they were unable to realize it was all
just a conspiracy
these people had made a clear plan a
year ago as long as sam could marry clay
the assets clay left after his death
would be divided equally among the
participants
he was in extreme physical and mental
pain when he learned that the person who
harmed him was sam
he calmed down and understood everything
clay recalled the things the doctor and
his girlfriend had told him
every little detail could prove that
they knew each other the truth is that
sam and jack are a couple
they love each other and plan to kill
him their plan was perfectly executed
until the last step
they just needed to change his heart and
inject toxic into it he would surely die
and they would announce that the surgery
had failed but jack hesitated now
afraid their plan would be discovered
sam blamed him for being a coward and
forced him to continue
all things seem to be over clay
desperately hears sam's fake and
malicious apology but he can do nothing
now jack and his friends are working
together well to perform this act
they tried their best but clay didn't
make it
jack pretending to be miserable came
before clay's mother to inform the sad
he's news yes but
his blood's being pumped by a machine he
has no heart
tears were flowing down her eyes she
told the doctors to go away
minutes later people found her dead
while sitting right there now dr john
has arrived
ordering his team to immediately surgery
announced he was taking over and told
them the police had surrounded the place
clay's mother was also brought in and
the surgery has been resumed
it turned out that the scheme of these
bastards was discovered when she
secretly read the letters in sam's bag
as she went inside
clay was critical by the time she had no
time to condemn her
because clay's heart was destroyed by
the others she decided to commit suicide
and use her own heart to save her son's
life
the other doctors started to run away
but i was too late the police arrived
jack hurriedly took sam to flee but now
the brazen woman did not want to leave
she didn't have to run she put all of
her responsibility on jack
and she still wanted to play the role of
clay's poor wife jack was furious
locked sam outside and told her she
couldn't get away with it
her fingerprints were also on the
syringe and the letters too no one can
escape
then jack sat calmly waiting for his own
results john is such an excellent doctor
he successfully saved clay he was in a
coma but also knew everything
only then realized how much his mother
had loved him clay opened his eyes and
looked at his mother
but it was all too late